Q: Will you collect and store images of my face?
A: No. When you do the face scan, we do not store nor collect images or videos of your face as we convert the recording into a pixelation to capture your facial blood flow.

Q: How does Hibiscus Health’s facial scan work to assess my health?
A: Hibiscus Health uses advanced facial blood flow analysis technology. By scanning your face for 30 seconds through your phone’s camera, the platform detects subtle changes in blood flow patterns. These patterns can indicate potential metabolic conditions before symptoms appear. The process is non-invasive, quick, and provides instant results to help you stay proactive about your health.

Q: Can I use Hibiscus Health on any mobile device?
A: If your device is from 2016 or newer, it should generally exceed the minimum requirements needed to run the face scan smoothly. However, some newer Android devices can have trouble with the face scan if they are not powerful enough (such as some of the more economical models). If you experience any issues while trying to use the face scan, please contact our team at care@hibiscus health.com

Q: Who is Hibiscus Health for?
A: Hibiscus Health is for anyone who wants to take control of their health, especially those looking to proactively monitor for conditions like diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease. It’s ideal for individuals looking for an easy, effective way to track their health, set personalized goals, and receive 24/7 support, all through a simple and convenient platform.

Q: What types of health conditions can the platform help monitor?
A: Although the face scan is designed specifically to help identify your risk of metabolic conditions like diabetes or hypertension, the Hibiscus Health platform can help you manage a variety of health conditions, with features like goal setting, progress tracking, vitals logging, and access to 24/7 support.

Q: Is my personal health data safe and secure?
A: Of course! We handle all data in compliance with HIPAA regulations. When any personal information is transmitted, the data will be encrypted with a private key, ensuring only authorized parties can read the information. Additionally, the data will be transmitted through HTTPS, a protocol for secure communication over the internet that encrypts data during transmission. To link face scan results to the user’s profile information, a unique key will also be passed along with the user’s encrypted profile details to Hibiscus Health.

Q: How often should I perform the facial scan?
A: For optimal monitoring and health insights, we recommend performing the face scan every two weeks. However, you can also use the face scan on-demand whenever you want to check your current health status.

Q: Can I track my progress and share results with my healthcare provider?
A: Yes, you can track your progress on the Hibiscus Health platform and easily share you results with your healthcare provider to keep them informed and support your ongoing care.

