Hibiscus Health

Revolutionizing Employee Health with Early Detection
Our AI-powered face scan detects early risks for diabetes and hypertension—helping employees stay healthy while lowering employer healthcare costs.

Who We Are
Hibiscus Health is an innovative, comprehensive, user-friendly health solution that improves employee well-being with proactive metabolic condition
detection.

Who We Help
For Employers
Reduce healthcare costs with advanced early detection and management tools.
For Individuals
Discover your health risks with a simple scan. No blood test or doctor’s visit required.

Why Hibiscus Health Matters
Traditional methods for detecting metabolic conditions, such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease, often fail to identify at-risk individuals early enough.
Alarming Trends
If untreated, 70% of people with prediabetes will go on to develop type 2 diabetes.
Financial Burden
Current wellness solutions are failing to engage users effectively, resulting in low engagement and low ROI for employers.
Operational Burden
Late stage disease diagnosis requires costly treatments, driving up healthcare expenses and insurance premiums for employers.

How Does Hibiscus Health Work?
Hibiscus Health is an all-in-one platform where employees can monitor their health, meet with a registered dietitian and mental health professionals, log their food, activity, and other vitals, access a library of resources, and receive 24/7 support.

4 Simple Steps:
1. Complete a Face Scan
No blood test or doctor’s visit required. Our technology uses facial blood flow analysis via a 30-second face scan from your phone to assess your risk for conditions like high cholesterol, elevated triglycerides, high hemoglobin A1C, and cardiovascular disease with high accuracy.
2. Meet Your Care team
A dietitian and mental health professional will work with you 1-1 virtually to create your personalized plan and provide counseling based on your medical history, needs and goals.
3. Monitor Your Progress
Use the Hibiscus Health mobile app to keep track of your progress, receive 24/7 support and guidance, check out the learning library, and much more!
4. Achieve Lasting Success
After just two months, 95% of Hibiscus Health members are more active, have lost up to 11 pounds without medication, and notice improvements in their mental well-being.

Our Technology
The path to better health  begins with a “selfie”
Our cutting-edge technology can measure5+ unique biomarkers from a cell phone and determine overall health risks with high accuracy – no blood tests required.
In just 30 seconds, we can examine subtle changes in facial blood flow to determine your risk of high blood pressure, diabetes, high cholesterol and triglyceride levels, and mental health markers.

Our Comprehensive Clinical Team
Chronic conditions like diabetes or heart disease often lead to stress, anxiety, or depression. On the other hand, mental health issues can exacerbate physical symptoms, making it harder for individuals to maintain healthy habits like exercise or a balanced diet. That’s why with Hibiscus Health you’ll have direct access to our clinical team—registered dietitians and mental health professionals—who provide the guidance you need to succeed. With live video consultations, 24/7 chat support, and a health library curated by our care professionals, you’re never alone in your wellness journey.


Early Detection. Early Interventions.
Better Care Outcomes*
Early intervention helps attenuate the development of habits that contribute to a worsening disease state. 86 patients adopting Hibiscus report:
99% Increase in Energy Levels
Feeling more confident in their ability to make healthy food choices.
96% Feeling More Motivated
Losing an average of 8 pounds and keeping it off without medication.
85% Feeling less Stressed
Improvements in sleep quantity and quality.
*PTHI Report: Other Solutions struggle to show meaningful positive outcome

A Patient’s Story...
After she took the face scan, Cheryl learned that she had high blood pressure and was at risk for high cholesterol, high A1c, high fasting blood sugar, high triglyceride levels, and a heart attack within the next 10 years. She went to her doctor to follow up with blood work and found that her A1c was 6.3%. Although Cheryl walks to work (about 25 min each way) every day, she has gained 10 pounds since January. After working with her Hibiscus Health dietitian every other week, she started exercising 3-4 days a week, lost 9 pounds, and was able to stop taking medication for knee pain. Cheryl is extremely motivated to continue working on her health and is extremely appreciative and excited that her employer is continuing to offer Hibiscus Health as a benefit!

The Game-Changing Impact of Hibiscus Health
The Ellis School Pilot
A cohort of 110 employees at an independent school in Pittsburgh PA, who were  offered Hibiscus Health as a free wellness benefit for 3 months.
Enrollment Results
31% employees engaged by taking their first face scan in 48 hours
71% of those also scheduled an appointment
67% of employees that took the face scan have 1 or more risk factor
Patient Responses
85% Eager to continue care with Hibiscus Health if offered as a benefit
100% Feel more confident in their ability to make healthy food choices
8.7/10 High recommendation potential
9.2/10 Employee Satisfaction

Leadership
At Hibiscus Health, we are a rapidly growing and diverse group of individuals united by a shared goal: to transform the future of healthcare. Our team brings together a wide range of talents, backgrounds, and expertise, but we all share a common passion improving the health and well-being of our communities.

Kavi Misri, Founder and CEO
Over 10 years of healthcare investment and operator experience. Former healthcare M&A investment banker at JP Morgan & SunTrust; former strategic operator at Northwell Health. BS Fordham University; MBA Johns Hopkins University.  He is an accomplished entrepreneur with a strong background in health and wellness startups. With a passion for innovation, he has dedicated his career to developing solutions that empower individuals to lead healthier lives. Outside of work, Kavi enjoys hiking, exploring new cuisines, and volunteering in his community.

Harry Leider, MD, MBA, Chief Medical Officer
Harry Leider, MD, MBA is a nationally recognized physician executive with over 25 years of leadership in digital health, healthcare innovation, and biotechnology. He has held senior leadership roles, including Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President at Walgreens Boots Alliance, Gelesis, and Ameritox, where he led transformative initiatives in telemedicine, remote patient monitoring, and population health. At Walgreens, he spearheaded the company's first telemedicine and remote health programs, impacting millions of patients daily. At Gelesis, he was instrumental in securing FDA clearance for a novel weight management therapy and played a key role in taking the company public on the NYSE. His expertise spans healthcare innovation, medical technology, and large-scale clinical strategy. A past President and Board Chair of the American Association of Physician Leadership, Dr. Leider has held faculty appointments at Harvard Medical School, the University of Pennsylvania, and Johns Hopkins. He has authored over 25 peer-reviewed publications, holds five patents in laboratory medicine, and has spoken at the White House on healthcare innovation. At Hibiscus Health, he drives the company's clinical vision and strategy, ensuring the company’s proprietary technology is leveraged to expand access to high-quality diagnostics and healthcare for employers, individuals and other healthcare companies.

Katie Bishop, MS, RDN, Chief Clinical Officer
Katie is a passionate registered dietitian with 10+ years of experience counseling patients and helping health-focused startups scale and thrive. Her leadership has helped various startups drive user engagement and operational efficiency, enabling these companies to reach more people and enhance their impact in the healthcare space.  When she's not at work, Katie likes taking her dog, Quinoa, on hikes, trying new recipes, hitting the gym, or salsa dancing!

Anthony Jairam, Chief Technology Officer
Experienced AI Engineer. 7+ years of full stack development experience. Focused on Data Communication systems and Image Processing using classical and deep learning techniques.  Anthony is a tech visionary with a passion for developing cutting-edge technology solutions in the health sector. With a background in software engineering and a strong focus on user experience, he leads the development of impactful digital products. When he's not coding, Anthony enjoys playing video games and exploring new tech trends.
Tobi Amodu, Chief Design Officer
End-to-end UX and Visual designer with 8+ years of experience helping early-stage startups scale and corporate organizations in achieving business objectives. Skilled in solving complex problems and driving business strategy across omni-channels. M.Sc in Computer Science, University of Ibadan, with research interests in Human Computer Interaction and Intelligent Tutoring Systems.  Tobi is a creative designer with a flair for crafting intuitive user interfaces and engaging visual experiences. Outside of work, Tobi enjoys painting, photography, and hiking.

Advisors

Amanda Conway, MS, RDN, Chief Growth Officer, Aptihealth, TalkSpace, Aduro
Lauren Friedrich, MBA, Vice President of Sales, Broker Channel, ADP, Gartner
Yvonne Daugherty, Global Head of Industries, usher, United Healthcare
Dan Kennedy, Senior Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development, Kyruus Health, Evolent Health
Joe Malzacher, Partner, BKS Partners, Paychex
Robert Pinate, Clinical Advisor, NHS
Christy Canida, Senior Director, Product, Alchemist Accelerator
Ed Wu, MD, Co-Founder at Recora, Spring Health







